Add "T: Refactor" label review exemption (#407)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/wizden-staff/maintainer/review-procedure.md

### Exemptions:
- PMs and Wizards may waive any PR Review Procedure requirements if deemed necessary for the health of the project. When doing so, it should be done via written permission with an explanation (either on Github, Discord or the SS14 forums). Note that this exemption is not the default for actions taken by the relevant roles, and should be explicitly invoked when used.
- If a triaged PR carries the `T: Bugfix`, `T: Cleanup`, `T: Performance` or `T: Refactor` labels, *and* does not carry the `T: New Feature` or `T: Balance Change` labels, then the PR is exempt from the "2 Maintainer" requirements for merging/closing and can be processed by a single maintainer. 
  - If a maintainer is the author of a PR, this exemption does not apply (i.e no self-merges).

>   - This exemption is intended for smaller PRs, *or* PRs where the reviewing maintainer has extensive codebase knowledge.

Reviewer: Maybe like this instead?

```suggestion
  - This exemption is intended for smaller PRs, *or* PRs where the reviewing maintainer has extensive knowledge about the affect code.
```

Reviewer 2: You meant affect**ed**?

Reviewer: heck
